README.md, before:

# StackBlitz — Your local env, now in the browser

[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg)](https://discord.gg/stackblitz)

Welcome to the StackBlitz GitHub repo!

This repo serves as our primary way of [keeping track of bugs](https://github.com/stackblitz/core/issues) & central location where we publish our internal packages. If you have any questions/ideas/feedback, feel free to open an issue or come chat with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/stackblitz)!

### Just learning about StackBlitz?

Take a look at our [announcement post](https://medium.com/@ericsimons/stackblitz-online-vs-code-ide-for-angular-react-7d09348497f4) which covers our core functionality, feature set and motivations behind the project.

### Curious how our technology works?

We recommend [reading the write-up](https://medium.com/@ericsimons/introducing-turbo-5x-faster-than-yarn-npm-and-runs-natively-in-browser-cc2c39715403) we did and exploring the code in this GitHub repo.

### Documentation

__Check out our docs at [developer.stackblitz.com](https://developer.stackblitz.com/)__

Commit message:

Update README and remove legacy code (#2771)
* Remove README.md files for empty docs and sdk directories
* Remove hyperdeploy
* Remove turbo-cdn, turbo-registry and turbo-resolver
* Update README.md to point at docs, blog, other repos

README.md, after:

# StackBlitz — Your local env, now in the browser

[![Chat on Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg)](https://discord.gg/stackblitz)&nbsp; [![Read our docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/read-our%20docs-1374ef.svg)](https://developer.stackblitz.com)

Welcome to the StackBlitz GitHub repository!

This repository serves as our primary way of [keeping track of bugs](https://github.com/stackblitz/core/issues). If you have any questions/ideas/feedback, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/stackblitz/core/issues/new/choose), or come chat with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/stackblitz)!

## Learn more

- [Read our docs](https://developer.stackblitz.com/) to learn about our features for developers, open-source and design system maintainers, and more.
- [Check out our blog](https://blog.stackblitz.com/) for all the latest news, and deep dives in the Web technologies that power StackBlitz.

## Other repositories

- StackBlitz docs: [stackblitz/docs](https://github.com/stackblitz/docs)
- StackBlitz SDK: [stackblitz/sdk](https://github.com/stackblitz/sdk)
- Starter templates: [stackblitz/starters](https://github.com/stackblitz/starters)
- WebContainers: [stackblitz/webcontainer-core](https://github.com/stackblitz/webcontainer-core)
- WebContainer API docs: [stackblitz/webcontainer-docs](https://github.com/stackblitz/webcontainer-docs)
